The Option 2 decreased the chances of failure during Magic Forging. Update faster? please come to p.a.n.d.a n.ovel This option alone made a novice like Bai Zemin want to kneel down and take as his master the person who left these things behind.
"But then again..." Bai Zemin looked at the piece of charcoal in his hand and couldn't help but get happy as he slowly said, "To think that these charcoals actually contain Black Fire Sulfur. Update faster? please come to P.an.da N.o.vel It seems that the original owner and creator of these items didn't have a powerful flame so he or she had no choice but to look for different means to be able to melt metals and other things of higher quality."
This particular stone was grayish-white with some golden veins and its size was nothing special, only the size of a fist. Update faster? please come to P.an.da No.vel However, when the records of this stone appeared in Bai Zemin's retina, the only reason why he did not scream out loud was because the shock that shook his heart was far stronger than his happiness.
"Maybe... Maybe we can build some cannons." Shangguan Bing Xue suddenly said, looking towards the bookshelf in front of them that still had around 40 or 50 more stones/metals. Update faster? please come to Pan.da N.o.vel "Even... We could even potentially build several energy generators using the blueprint we got from that night battle in the forest."
"If it were the past you probably wouldn't let the troops rest any more than necessary." Update faster? please come to panda-novel.c.om Shangguan Bing Xue said, overlooking his comment about weapons and armors. "The current you became more .... How shall I put it... Kind...? No, that's not the word."
"Leader, everyone is ready." update faster perks? google search pan.da novel,Remember to remove punctuation Sun Ling approached Bai Zemin with a smile and as she turned to observe the expressions on the faces of the soul evolvers and soldiers armed with Electromagnetic Rifles, she whispered, "This is the first time I've seen an expedition troop with such high spirits.... How does it feel to know that you are the cause of their resolutions?"
As a leader, Bai Zemin could not just think about now but he also needed to think about tomorrow. It was good and all about immediate strength, but Bai Zemin also knew that today's strength would not be enough to fight the enemies that would appear in the future. update faster perks? google search pan.da no.ve.l,remember to remove punctuation Precisely for that reason, he appreciated even a simple formula written on paper that would serve to boost the future power of mankind; even the broken and unusable Electromagnetic Rifles were not left behind by Bai Zemin as proof that he was not willing to give up anything that could be of use.
Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Wu Yijun, Cai Jingyi, Zhong De, and Nangong Lingxin; the six of them were tense waiting for the next words of the man in front of them all as those words would mark a new beginning for all of them.update faster perks? google search pan.da no.vel,remember to remove punctuation
The power of the Electromagnetic Rifles naturally amazed everyone but mainly delighted the soldiers who without evolving felt like they were falling behind. Now they too had the power to help their comrades and defend their loved ones!update faster perks? google search pan.da no.vel,remember to remove punctuation
The human troops seemed disorganized for a moment as everyone tried to adapt to the slight change in the formation and the sudden activation of dozens of skills that altered the flow of mana around them.update faster perks? google search pan.da no.vel,remember to remove punctuation
"Hehe... Although these pagodas are in fact tough, they can only handle at most one attack from a Fourth Order existence." Lilith chuckled at Shangguan Bing Xue's words. She ignored her frown and continued, "The reason I want to make peace with you is because I actually realized that what I was thinking before doesn't even have a point." Do you want to read more chapters? Come to panda-novel,com
Lilith sighed and while playing with her hair she answered calmly and in a slow voice: "To be honest with you, your beauty, as well as your talent and willpower, shocked me from the very first moment I saw you. Do you want to read more chapters? Come to panda-novel,com For a Second Order Lower Existence, your beauty is comparable to beautiful Fourth Order women, which apart from me probably only Uriel of the Army of Heaven could achieve.... Oh, just in case but Uriel was considered the most beautiful woman in the history of the universe until recently. I tell you this to help you to understand and show how prideful you can be."
No one in Bai Zemin's faction had a great deal of knowledge about magic circles and the only person who was just beginning to learn was Meng Qi. However, everyone who joined this expedition and was still alive had it clear in their hearts that if there were magic circles capable of teleporting large numbers of people and protecting structures from the changes the world was going through, then there should definitely be attacking magic circles with enough power to annihilate all kinds of threats.Want to see more chapters? Please visit panda-novel ,com
Teng Hua, who rarely said anything, took a step forward and while stroking his snake said with his characteristic gentle smile: "Leader Bai, even though we have only known each other for a little over two days, the number of dangerous situations we have faced together is large enough to write a history book if we wanted to... Relationships among us who fight with the single common purpose of regaining our homeland and saving our compatriots can be formed in seconds after fighting on the battlefield and bleeding for a fellow brother. As such, I hope you will revoke your order and let us fight alongside you as we have been doing so far."Want to see more chapters? Please visit panda-novel ,com
Soon, under Xia Ya's incredulous eyes, two small mountains of 10,000 Soul Stones each and two small piles that were composed of 20 Second Order Soul Stones each glittered on the ground.Want to see more chapters? Please visit panda-novel ,c.o.m
This time, what was formed as a result of the diagonal arc was a huge blade of sharp wind over 200 meters long and which crushed the incoming energy beams entirely before slamming into the fourth pagoda.Do you want to read more chapters? Come to pan da-novel,c,o,m
The ice spears created by Shangguan Bing Xue did not make explosive noise like the swings of Bai Zemin's greatsword nor did they destroy the golems into thousands of pieces after hitting them. Want to see more chapters? Please visit pan da-novel ,c.o.m
If you want to read more chapters, visit pa nda-novel,c.o,m.The power of the current Shangguan Bing Xue did not seem to be even a whit below Bai Zemin's terrifying power! How could such a thing even be possible! Chen He did not understand, he had no way of understanding how the distance that he thought was not so great had actually now become so colossal!
"This thing called Soul Record, whatever it is, came to our world exactly two months and three weeks ago. All evolved beings regardless of whether it is a mutant beast, mutant plant, goblin, human, sea creature, or any other race I have yet to see have begun evolving two months and three weeks ago at most." Bai Zemin replied in a deep voice, and it wasn't hard to notice the shock on the face of the man a couple of hundred meters ahead of him.Want to see more chapters? Please visit p a n d a -n o v e l .c o m
"This weapon is a Hongjian-12 or HJ-12 for short." Bai Zemin explained in a serious voice.Do you want to read more chapters? Come to p a n d a - n ovel,c.o.m "Elder, among the weapons that a human can carry by itself and leaving aside larger sized vehicles, this weapon can be considered as one of the most powerful weapons that exist in the world. It has the capability of destroying even battle tanks, which are the most powerful ground vehicles."
Do you want to read more chapters? Come to p a n d a - n o v e l,c.o.m
Want to see more chapters? Please visit p a n d a -n o v e l .c o mHe could even feel someone shouting his name but Bai Zemin could not see the other person because his eyes were covered with blood and all he could see was a red world in front of him..... Still, it was not difficult for him to decipher who that someone was since there was only one person in the world with a jasmine scent as pure and rich as hers.
Want to see more chapters ? Please visit p a n d a - n o v e l ,c o m The surroundings suddenly lit up with a warm, faint emerald green light. For a moment, everyone could not help but feel warm inside and the murderous intent that blocked their senses seemed to disappear; of course, the weaver ants suffered the same fate as the humans.
